sdk/python/README.md, before:

# Terraform Bridge Provider Boilerplate

This repository is the template for authoring a Pulumi package from an existing Terraform provider as part of the guide for [authoring and publishing Pulumi packages](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/iac/packages-and-automation/pulumi-packages/authoring/).

This repository is initially set up as a fictitious provider named "xyz" to demonstrate a resource, a data source and configuration derived from the [github.com/pulumi/terraform-provider-xyz provider](https://github.com/pulumi/terraform-provider-xyz).

Read the [setup instructions](SETUP.md) for step-by-step instructions on how to bridge a new provider and refer to our complete docs [guide for authoring and publishing a Pulumi Package](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/iac/packages-and-automation/pulumi-packages/authoring/).

# Xyz Resource Provider

The Xyz Resource Provider lets you manage [Xyz](http://example.com) resources.

## Installing

This package is available for several languages/platforms:

### Node.js (JavaScript/TypeScript)

To use from JavaScript or TypeScript in Node.js, install using either `npm`:

```bash
npm install @pulumi/xyz
```

or `yarn`:

```bash
yarn add @pulumi/xyz
```

### Python

To use from Python, install using `pip`:

```bash
pip install pulumi_xyz
```

### Go

To use from Go, use `go get` to grab the latest version of the library:

```bash
go get github.com/pulumi/pulumi-xyz/sdk/go/...
```

### .NET

To use from .NET, install using `dotnet add package`:

```bash
dotnet add package Pulumi.Xyz
```

## Configuration

The following configuration points are available for the `xyz` provider:

- `xyz:region` (environment: `XYZ_REGION`) - the region in which to deploy resources

## Reference

For detailed reference documentation, please visit [the Pulumi registry](https://www.pulumi.com/registry/packages/xyz/api-docs/).

Commit message:

feat: implement groundcover provider bridge
- Bridge terraform-provider-groundcover using pulumi-terraform-bridge
- Uses terraform-plugin-framework (pf) bridging
- Shim package accesses internal provider via upstream module path

Resources bridged (10):
- Apikey, Dashboard, Dataintegration, Ingestionkey
- Logspipeline, Metricsaggregation, Monitor, Policy
- Secret, Serviceaccount

SDKs generated:
- Go, Node.js, Python, .NET

Examples added for all 4 languages with Policy → ServiceAccount → ApiKey chain.
Acceptance tests enabled (require GROUNDCOVER_API_KEY and GROUNDCOVER_BACKEND_ID).

sdk/python/README.md, after:

# Groundcover Resource Provider

The Groundcover Resource Provider lets you manage [Groundcover](http://example.com) resources.

## Installing

This package is available for several languages/platforms:

### Node.js (JavaScript/TypeScript)

To use from JavaScript or TypeScript in Node.js, install using either `npm`:

```bash
npm install @pulumi/groundcover
```

or `yarn`:

```bash
yarn add @pulumi/groundcover
```

### Python

To use from Python, install using `pip`:

```bash
pip install pulumi_groundcover
```

### Go

To use from Go, use `go get` to grab the latest version of the library:

```bash
go get github.com/pulumi/pulumi-groundcover/sdk/go/...
```

### .NET

To use from .NET, install using `dotnet add package`:

```bash
dotnet add package Pulumi.Groundcover
```

## Configuration

The following configuration points are available for the `groundcover` provider:

- `groundcover:region` (environment: `GROUNDCOVER_REGION`) - the region in which to deploy resources

## Reference

For detailed reference documentation, please visit [the Pulumi registry](https://www.pulumi.com/registry/packages/groundcover/api-docs/).
